src/collections/pages/en/index.md, before:

---
title: Conference presentations
excerpt: Welcome to Accessible Canada — Accessible World, a conference that aims to advance accessibility and inclusive design in various domains.
permalink: /en/
transcript: ""
youtube: ""
intro: |-
  Join us at the [Accessible Canada — Accessible World](https://sites.events.concordia.ca/sites/accessconf/en/accessible-canada-accessible-world/home) conference happening online and in Montreal on May 27 & 28, 2024.

  Embrace our unique flipped conference model by reviewing the diverse array of presentations before the event on this page. This pre-conference exploration allows us to dedicate our time together to tackle 24 critical challenges across four pivotal themes.

  Haven’t registered yet? There’s still time! For a deeper understanding of the challenges we’ll address and to register, please visit our [Conference Challenges](https://sites.events.concordia.ca/sites/accessconf/en/accessible-canada-accessible-world/pages/9) and [Registration](https://sites.events.concordia.ca/sites/accessconf/en/accessible-canada-accessible-world/register) pages. We need your input!
---
Dive into the content at your own pace. Filter by theme, format, and language to tailor your experience. Join online or in Montreal on May 27th and 28th to contribute to the discussions.

Commit message:

fix: add a sentence about upcoming submissions in landing page (#41)
* fix: add a sentence about upcoming submissions in landing page

src/collections/pages/en/index.md, after:

---
title: Conference presentations
excerpt: Welcome to Accessible Canada — Accessible World, a conference that aims to advance accessibility and inclusive design in various domains.
permalink: /en/
transcript: ""
youtube: ""
intro: |-
  Join us at the [Accessible Canada — Accessible World](https://sites.events.concordia.ca/sites/accessconf/en/accessible-canada-accessible-world/home) conference happening online and in Montreal on May 27 & 28, 2024.

  Embrace our unique flipped conference model by reviewing the diverse array of presentations before the event on this page. This pre-conference exploration allows us to dedicate our time together to tackle 24 critical challenges across four pivotal themes.

  Haven’t registered yet? There’s still time! For a deeper understanding of the challenges we’ll address and to register, please visit our [Conference Challenges](https://sites.events.concordia.ca/sites/accessconf/en/accessible-canada-accessible-world/pages/9) and [Registration](https://sites.events.concordia.ca/sites/accessconf/en/accessible-canada-accessible-world/register) pages. We need your input!
---
Dive into the content at your own pace. Filter by theme, format, and language to tailor your experience. Join online or in Montreal on May 27th and 28th to contribute to the discussions. Stay tuned, we will be posting more submissions soon!
